Okay, are we ready for
our first coding challenge?
Okay, the first coding challenge,
use a web component, that's it.
Open up a code pen,
an HTML file on your local computer,
find one you can pull one
from awesome standalones.
You can pull one from Lyon web designer,
wharever you want,
I've given you a whole
bunch of my favorites.
Your job in the next 15 minutes,
I know you're sweating,
it's gonna be down to the wire.
Find a web component, somewhere on
the Internet, and use it, try and use it.
There's even some cool ones if
you go into the pull request for
the awesome stand alones.
There's some year old pull
requests I haven't merged and so
there's still there's really good
options in there, as well so yeah.